# Concept-and-Relations-Overview.github.io
We propose an overview of concepts and relations that are studied in social science publications on the topic of social media. We collected Social Sciences Citation Index full-text publications (until the end of 2019) from Web of Science and synthesize concepts and relations from these publications. In total, we extracted 10,312 pairs of concept terms and their relations from 2,255 publications. The concept terms were classified into 217 level-four concepts in the concept structure, and we identified 2,473 relations between them. We provide a online system for exploring the synthesized data.

# [Online System](https://concept-and-relations-overview.github.io/)
The appropriate screen resolution for using this system is 1920*1080. A video (currently not available) brief introduces how to use this system.

# Usage Scenario
(1) Assuming that a social science researcher hopes to review studies on a relation between two concepts in social media field. She/he hopes to conduct a pre-analysis of the relation and find publications that propose hypothesis statements on the relation and the concept terms in these hypothesis statements. Besides, she/he hope to examine other concepts that have relations with the focused concepts to find potential confounding variables for the relation. She/he just needs to input the pair of concepts into a search box and can obtain all the information she/he wants from the overview. 
(2) Assuming that a researcher who is not specialized in social media field, but who seeks explore concepts that align with their research interests. The researcher want to identify the concepts from publications based on some vague keywords. She/he just need to input the vague keywords into a search box and can concepts relevant with the keywords from hypothesis statements in publications.
